date: November 2, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [kreidler, youngkih, amypritc, majuran]
excused_absences: [ 
  ]
task_progress: [ 
  {ubit: majuran, progress: interested in working on alternate display of map, redesign of UI},
  {ubit: kreidler, progress: interested in integrating testing and score; how score impacts training instances and accurate test feedback},
  {ubit: youngkih, progress: interested in integrating handwriting and audio and integrate with map},
  {ubit: amypritc, progress: interested in fixing layouts, app flow, potential new training component}
  ]
issues: [ 
  ]
Notes:  | 
  we did not hold a group meeting in person this week
  sprint 4 goals, tasks we would like for sprint
