date: September 15, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [kreidler, youngkih, amypritc, majuran]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  Meeting covered overview of git, github desktop, and community point submission.
  Also covered app layout and basic menu design for sprint submission.
