date: September 20, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [kreidler, youngkih, amypritc, majuran]
absent: []
excused_absences: []
task_progress: []
issues: []
Notes:  [Meeting covered working on getting everyone's Android Studio working with the repository, discussing where we want 
to go with what we have so far, and possibilities of tasks to divide between us including developing the testing, the training, 
and progress reports. Also the possibility of having a log in feature was mentioned. We are waiting to divide tasks up until 
Thursday during our TA meeting.]
